Revise caching/queueing configs and docs for Redis locking (#319)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/caching.md

If a change is made to any of the objects returned by the cached query within that time, or if the timeout expires, the cached results are automatically invalidated and the next request for those results will be sent to the database.

!!! important
    Cacheops does not utilize the built-in [Django cache framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/cache/) to perform caching. Therefore it does not rely upon the [`CACHES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#caches) setting. Instead it monkey patches the underlying queryset methods to intercept calls to get and set cached items in Redis.

## How it Works

Caching is a complex topic and there are some important details to clarify with how caching is implemented and configureed in Nautobot.

### Caching in Django

Django comes included with its own [cache framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/cache/) that works for common cases, but does not work well for the wide array of use-cases within Nautobot. For that reason, for the caching of web UI views, API results, and underlying database queries. **Django's built-in caching is not used.**

> Django's built-in caching is configured using the [`CACHES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#caches) setting. You'll observe that we have this as a required setting. Here's why:
> 
> Nautobot uses the [`django-redis`](https://github.com/jazzband/django-redis) Django plugin is used to provide the backend for Redis as a concurrent write lock for preventing race conditions when allocating IP address objects and to define centralized Redis connection settings that will be used by RQ. Previously, Nautobot was using PostgreSQL "advisory" locks, but because we are adding support for MySQL and other database backends in the future, we replaced the database-specific locking with a distributed Redis lock.
> 
> For this purpose, the [`CACHES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#caches) setting is required to to simplify the configuration for establishing concurrent write locks and for referencing the correct Redis connection information when defining RQ task queues using the  [`RQ_QUEUES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#rq_queues) setting.
> 
> Again: **`CACHES` is not used for caching at this time.**
> 
> !!! important
>     Nautobot does not utilize the built-in [Django cache framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/cache/) to perform caching because Cacheops is being used instead as detailed just above. *Yes, we know this is confusing, which is why this is being called out explicitly!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### `CACHES` and `django-redis`

The [`CACHES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#caches) setting is used to, among other things, configure Django's built-in caching. You'll observe that, even though we aren't using Django's built-in caching, *we still have this as a required setting*. Here's why:

Nautobot uses the [`django-redis`](https://github.com/jazzband/django-redis) Django plugin which allows it to use Redis as a backend for caching and session storage. This is used to provide a concurrent write lock for preventing race conditions when allocating IP address objects, and also to define centralized Redis connection settings that will be used by RQ. 

`django-redis` *also* uses the [`CACHES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#caches) setting, in its case to simplify the configuration for establishing concurrent write locks, and also for referencing the correct Redis connection information when defining RQ task queues using the  [`RQ_QUEUES`](../../configuration/required-settings/#rq_queues) setting.

Again: **`CACHES` is not used for Django's built-in caching at this time, but it is still a required setting for `django-redis` to function properly.**
```

> # Caching

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's just me but Nautobot's use of caching is/was really confusing.  It seems at this point there is a better explanation of caching in required_settings then in caching.md itself.  Maybe explain why there are CACHES, RQ_QUEUES, and CACHEOPS what they are used for, why they are different, and which ones can use a shared DB and which ones need their own.  What does monkey patched mean to a non-software developer?  If Cacheops doesn't use the Django cache framework what does it use?  Just my $0.02

Author: I agree with that in this caching doc. I attempted to explain that in the settings doc but I think you're making a good point to go into even further detail in this doc.
